Inclusion Criteria:
Newly diagnosed and untreated sputum smear positive tuberculosis patient
Pulmonary lesion consistent with TB by radiological examination
Positive sputum culture, identification of bacterial type confirmed Mycobacterium tuberculosis. MGIT drug sensitivity test (DST) results are sensitive of the first-line drugs (isoniazid, streptomycin, rifampicin and ethambutol).
Age 18 years-65 years old
Males or non-pregnant, non-nursing females
Serum or plasma aminotransferases (AST, ALT) less than 3 times the upper limit of normal
Serum or plasma total bilirubin less than or equal to 2.5 times the upper limit of normal
Serum or plasma creatinine level less than or equal to 2 times the upper limit of normal
Serum or plasma potassium level greater than or equal to 3.5 meq/L
Hemoglobin level of 7.0 g/dL or greater
Platelet count of 100,000/mm3 or greater
For women of childbearing potential, a negative pregnancy test is required during screening
Provides written informed consent
Willingness and ability to attend scheduled follow-up visits and undergo study assessments.

Exclusion Criteria:
Tuberculosis resistant to any of the study drugs (isoniazid, rifampin, EMB, PZA, CFZ, Pto)
Unable to take oral medications.
History of allergy or intolerance to any of the study drugs
Serum aminotransferase (AST or ALT) 3x upper limit of normal or higher
Pregnant or nursing females, or plan to become pregnant or nurse during the study period
Males planning to conceive a child during the study or within 6 months of cessation of treatment.
Any treatment directed against active tuberculosis within 6 months preceding initiation of study drugs.
Suspected or documented tuberculosis involving the central nervous system and/or bones and/or joints, and/or miliary tuberculosis and/or pericardial tuberculosis.
HIV infected
HBV infected or HCV infected (these increase the risk of TB-drug induced hepatotoxicity)
Weight less than 40.0 kg.
Known allergy or intolerance to any of the study medications.
Individuals will be excluded from enrollment if, at the time of enrollment, their M. tuberculosis isolate is already known to be resistant to any of the study drugs.
QTcF > 500 msec
Other medical conditions, that, in the investigator's judgment, make study participation not in the individual's best interest.
Current or planned incarceration or other involuntary detention
Having participated in other clinical studies with dosing of investigational agents within 8 weeks prior to trial start or currently enrolled in an investigational study that includes treatment with medicinal agents. Subjects who are participating in observational studies or who are in a follow up period of a trial that included drug therapy may be considered for inclusion.
