Inclusion Criteria:
Male and female adolescent patients, aged 13 to 17 years, diagnosed with RLS based on the IRLSSG consensus criteria (Allen RP 2014) (Appendix 2).
Total RLS severity score of 15 or greater on the IRLS rating scale at Visit 1 (screening) and at Visit 2 (baseline) (Appendix 8).
RLS symptoms for at least 4 of 7 consecutive evenings/nights during the screening period.
Body weight greater than 33.4 kg and a healthy weight using age-based body mass index (BMI) range 5th-85th percentile at screening and baseline. Appendix 3 contains BMI-for-age charts that can be consulted.
Estimated creatinine clearance of at least 60 mL/min (using the Cockcroft-Gault equation) at screening only.
Signed patient and parent Institutional Review Board (IRB)-approved informed consent/assent form (as applicable) before any study-related procedures are performed.

Exclusion Criteria:
History of a primary sleep disorder other than RLS that may significantly affect the symptoms of RLS.
Serum ferritin level < 20 ng/mL at screening.
History of allergy, hypersensitivity, or intolerance to HORIZANT or any other gabapentin products (eg, Neurontin®, Gralise®).
Suffering from a movement disorder that could mimic or confound the accurate diagnosis of RLS (eg, Tourette's syndrome, tic disorder, periodic limb movement disorder [PLMD], sleep disorders).
Currently meet Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders - Fifth Edition (DSM-5) criteria for substance use disorder, or history thereof, within 12 months before dosing.
Current or past history of any significant psychiatric disorder including, but not limited to, depression (treatment with antidepressants), bipolar disorder, or schizophrenia.
Diagnosis of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is allowed, provided the patient is not receiving medication(s) known to affect the assessment of RLS.
History of suicidal behavior or suicidal ideation as indicated by the C-SSRS, administered at screening (the questionnaire is provided in Appendix 4), and as per investigator's judgment.
History of seizure disorder or at increased risk for development of a seizure disorder including, but not limited to, complicated febrile seizure and history of significant head injury.
Medical condition or disorder that would interfere with the action, absorption, distribution, metabolism, or excretion of gabapentin enacarbil, or, in the investigator's judgment is considered to be clinically significant and may pose a safety concern, or, could interfere with the accurate assessment of safety or efficacy, or could potentially affect a patient's safety or study outcome.
Clinically significant abnormal laboratory result or physical examination finding not resolved by the time of baseline assessments.
