Inclusion Criteria:

Subject (or legally authorized representative) provides written informed consent prior to initiation of any study procedures.
Understands and agrees to comply with planned study procedures.
Male or non-pregnant female adult 18 years of age at time of enrollment.
Subject consents to randomization within 36 hours of hospital admission.
Has radiographic confirmed COVID-19 disease < 72 hours prior to randomization.

Illness of any duration, and at least one of the following:

Radiographic infiltrates by imaging (chest x-ray, CT scan, etc.), OR
Clinical assessment (evidence of rales/crackles on exam) AND SpO2  94% on room air, OR
Requiring mechanical ventilation and/or supplemental oxygen.


Subjects do not require laboratory confirmation of the corona virus SARS-CoV-2 to determine eligibility
Women of childbearing potential must agree to use at least one primary form of contraception for the duration of the study (acceptable methods will be determined by the site).

Exclusion Criteria:

Mild COVID-19 disease (minor clinical symptoms, imaging does not show signs of lung inflammation)
Recent history of or any in-hospital exposure to investigational medications targeting COVID-19, or concurrent participation in a clinical trial targeting COVID-19
ALT/AST > 5 times the upper limit of normal.
Moderate renal insufficiency (creatinine clearance 30-50 mL/min) OR Stage 4 severe chronic kidney disease OR requiring dialysis (i.e. creatinine clearance <30 mL/min)
History of or evidence of QT prolongation on ECG examination
History of psoriasis or porphyria
Absolute neutrophil count (ANC) is < 2000 mm3
Pregnancy
History of hepatic disease, Hepatitis C infection, or alcoholism
History of G-6-PD (glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase) deficiency
Concomitant use of the following medications: atazanavir, dasatinib, neratinib, ozanimod, pazopanib, rilpivirine, siponimod, and/or tizanidine.
Anticipated transfer to another hospital which is not a study site within 72 hours.
Allergy to any study medication
Known to be immunocompromised by disease or treatment for existing disease
