Inclusion Criteria:

Be categorized as American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) Physical Status Class 1, 2, or 3.
Have a planned non-emergent surgical procedure or clinical situation (e.g., intubation) that requires moderate or deep NMB with either rocuronium or vecuronium.
Have a planned surgical procedure or clinical situation that would allow objective neuromuscular monitoring techniques to be applied with access to the arm for neuromuscular transmission monitoring.
Age between 2 to <17 years at Visit 2.
If female, may participate if she is not pregnant, not breastfeeding, and at least one of the following: 1) Not a woman of childbearing potential (WOCBP); or 2) A WOCBP who agrees to follow the study contraceptive guidance during the treatment period and for at least 7 days after the last dose of study treatment.


Exclusion Criteria:

Has any clinically significant condition or situation (eg, anatomical malformation that complicates intubation) other than the condition being studied that, in the opinion of the investigator, would interfere with the trial evaluations or optimal participation in the trial.
Has a neuromuscular disorder that may affect NMB and/or trial assessments.
Is dialysis-dependent or has (or is suspected of having) severe renal insufficiency (defined as estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <30 ml/min).
Has or is suspected of having a family or personal history of malignant hyperthermia.
Has or is suspected of having an allergy to study treatments or its/their excipients, to opioids/opiates, muscle relaxants or their excipients, or other medication(s) used during general anesthesia.
Has received or is planned to receive toremifene and/or fusidic acid via IV administration within 24 hours before or within 24 hours after administration of study treatment.
Has been previously treated with sugammadex or has participated in a sugammadex clinical trial.
Is currently participating in or has participated in an interventional clinical trial with an investigational compound or device within 30 days of signing the informed consent/assent for this current trial.

