Inclusion Criteria:

Males and females who are at least 65 years of age at time of enrollment
Good general health *
Clinical screening laboratory evaluations (white blood cell (WBC), hemoglobin (Hgb), platelets (PLTs), alanine transaminase (ALT), aspartate transaminase (AST), creatinine (Cr), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), total bilirubin (T. Bili), prothrombin time (PT), and partial thromboplastin time (PTT)) are within acceptable normal reference ranges at the clinical laboratory being used.
Normal EKG
Available for the duration of the study
Peripheral veins suitable for blood draw
Able to provide consent

Exclusion Criteria:


1. History of autoimmune disease 2. Currently being treated for cancer (other than non-melanoma skin cancer) 3. History of COPD 4. Any clinical condition requiring systemic steroids or any current immunosuppressive therapy 5. HIV positive or any other type of immunodeficiency disorder 6. History of cardiac disease: congestive heart failure > NYHA class 2; cardiac arrhythmias requiring anti-arrhythmic therapy (beta blockers or Digoxin are permitted) 7. Uncontrolled hypertension defined as SBP 130 and/or DBP  80 mm Hg 8. Active clinically serious infections (> grade 2 CTCAE) 9. History of organ transplant or tissue allograft 10. Oral temperature 99.0 degrees Fahrenheit (37.2 degrees Celsius). 11. Pulse < 60 or >100 beats per minute. 12. Oxygen saturation <96% 13. Uncontrolled concurrent serious medical or psychiatric illness 14. History of blood transfusion reactions 15. Receipt of any type of influenza vaccine within two weeks of planned first study drug injection (influenza vaccination after day 28 is permitted)

As determined by medical history and physical examination to evaluate acute or ongoing chronic medical diagnoses/conditions that have been present for at least 90 days, which would affect the assessment of safety of subjects. Chronic medical diagnoses/conditions should be stable for the last 60 days (no hospitalizations, emergency room (ER), or urgent care for condition or need for supplemental oxygen). This includes no change in chronic prescription medication, dose, or frequency as a result of deterioration of the chronic medical diagnosis/condition in the 60 days before enrollment. Any prescription change that is due to change of health care provider, insurance company, etc., or done for financial reasons, and in the same class of medication, will not be considered a deviation of this inclusion criterion. Any change in prescription medication due to improvement of a disease outcome, as determined by the participating site principal investigator (PI) or appropriate sub-investigator, will not be considered a deviation of this inclusion criterion. Subjects may be on chronic or as needed (prn) medications if, in the opinion of the participating site PI or appropriate sub-investigator, they pose no additional risk to subject safety or assessment of reactogenicity and immunogenicity, and do not indicate a worsening of medical diagnosis/condition. Similarly, medication changes subsequent to enrollment and study vaccination are acceptable provided the change was not precipitated by deterioration in the chronic medical condition, and there is no anticipated additional risk to the subject or interference with the evaluation of responses to study vaccination.


