Inclusion Criteria:

Judged to be healthy by the Investigator on the basis of medical history, physical examination and vital signs performed at screening.
Able and willing to comply with all study procedures.
Screening laboratory results within normal limits or deemed not clinically significant by the Investigator.
Body Mass Index of 18-30 kg/m^2, inclusive, at screening.
Negative serological tests for Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), Hepatitis C antibody and Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) antibody at screening.
Screening electrocardiogram (ECG) deemed by the Investigator as having no clinically significant findings (e.g. Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome).
Use of medically effective contraception with a failure rate of < 1% per year when used consistently and correctly from screening until 3 months following last dose, be post-menopausal, be surgically sterile or have a partner who is sterile.

Exclusion Criteria:

Pregnant or breastfeeding or intending to become pregnant or father children within the projected duration of the trial from screening until 3 months following last dose.
Is currently participating in or has participated in a study with an investigational product within 30 days preceding Day 0.
Previous exposure to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) or receipt of an investigational product for the prevention or treatment of COVID-19, middle east respiratory syndrome (MERS), or severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS).
In a current occupation with high risk of exposure to SARS-CoV-2 (e.g., health care workers or emergency response personnel having direct interactions with or providing direct care to patients).

Current or history of the following medical conditions:

Respiratory diseases
Hypersensitivity or severe allergic reactions to vaccines or drugs
Diagnosis of diabetes mellitus
Hypertension
Malignancy within 5 years of screening
Cardiovascular diseases



Immunosuppression as a result of underlying illness or treatment including:

Primary immunodeficiencies
Long term use (7 days) of oral or parenteral glucocorticoids
Current or anticipated use of disease-modifying doses of anti-rheumatic drugs and biologic disease-modifying drugs
History of solid organ or bone marrow transplantation
Prior history of other clinically significant immunosuppressive or clinically diagnosed autoimmune disease


Fewer than two acceptable sites available for intradermal (ID) injection and electroporation (EP) considering the deltoid and anterolateral quadriceps muscles.
Reported smoking, vaping, or active drug, alcohol or substance abuse or dependence.
Any physical examination findings and/or history of any illness that, in the opinion of the study investigator, might confound the results of the study or pose an additional risk to the patient by their participation in the study.
