Inclusion Criteria:

Individuals must meet all of the following criteria to be included in the study:
Laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection as determined by either a documented positive molecular assay/ other commercial or public health assay in any specimen collected < 5 days prior to screening or a documented positive molecular assay  5 days prior to screening and confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) at screening.
Illness of any duration with oxygen saturation > 93% at room air, heart rate  100 beats per minute at rest, and no evidence of respiratory distress with respiration rate < 20 breaths per minute.
Able to provide informed consent.
Aged  18 and  75 years.
Absolute Lymphocyte Count <1,500 lymphocytes/L.
Avoid becoming pregnant or impregnate a partner through 90 days after study agent administration. Females must agree to 2 methods of contraception, and males to at least one method of contraception.
Not participate in any other clinical trial for an investigational therapy through day 30.

Exclusion Criteria:

Moderate to severe hypoxic respiratory failure requiring supplemental oxygen at rest, mechanical ventilation, ECMO, or any other noninvasive ventilation modality.
CRP >15 mg/L or D-dimer > 0.75 g/mL.
Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 40 mL/min/1.73m2, or requiring dialysis.
AST/ALT > 3-times ULN, total bilirubin > 1.5 times ULN (except if due to Gilbert's syndrome).
Pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Use of systemic corticosteroids or immunomodulant within 4 weeks prior to screening.
Receipt of an investigational agent or investigational use of a licensed agent within 16 weeks prior to screening.
HIV infection or underlying history of known or unknown primary or acquired immunodeficiency associated with lymphopenia and/or recurrent opportunistic infections.
Autoimmune disease requiring systemic treatment EXCEPT for vitiligo or endocrine disease (such as diabetes, thyroid disease, and adrenal disease) controlled by replacement therapy.
Malignancy requiring treatment 1 year prior to screening.
