Inclusion Criteria:

Subjects must have a positive test for SARS-CoV-2.
COVID-19 signs and symptoms such as (fever, cough, shortness of breath or fatigue) with onset within the 7 days prior to Screening
Subjects should be Ordinal Scale for Clinical Improvement score of 3 or less
Pulse oximetry  93% on room air
Subjects must be receiving standard of care (SOC) for COVID-19, this includes marketed therapies used for COVID-19 treatment.
Subject's spirometry (FEV1 and forced vital capacity [FVC]) must be 70% of predicted value.
If female, the subject must be surgically sterile or  1 year postmenopausal. If of child-bearing potential (including being < 1years postmenopausal) and, if participating in sexual activity that may lead to pregnancy, the subject agrees to use an effective dual method of birth control (acceptable methods include intrauterine device, spermicide, barrier, male partner surgical sterilization, and hormonal contraception) during the study and through 30 days after completion of the study.
If female, must not be pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or nurse a child during the study and through 30 days after completion of the study. A pregnancy test must be negative at the Screening Visit, prior to dosing on Day 1.
If male, must be surgically sterile or, if not surgically sterile and if participating in sexual activities that may lead to pregnancy, be willing to practice two effective methods of birth control (acceptable methods include barrier, spermicide, or female partner surgical sterilization) during the study and through 30 days after completion of the study.
Must have the ability to understand and give informed consent.

Exclusion Criteria:

No documented infection with SARS-CoV-2.
Patients who require oxygen (Ordinal Scale for Clinical Improvement >3) at the time of screening.
Known history of chronic pulmonary disease (e.g., asthma [including atopic asthma, exercise-induced asthma, or asthma triggered by respiratory infection], chronic pulmonary disease, pulmonary fibrosis, COPD), pulmonary hypertension, or heart failure.
Exposure to any investigational therapy (defined as any agent not currently marketed) at the time of or within 30 days prior to the Screening Visit.
Any condition which, in the opinion of the Principal Investigator, would prevent full participation in this trial or would interfere with the evaluation of trial endpoints
