Inclusion Criteria:

Adult male or female participants >=18 years old.
Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status of 0 to 1 (ECOG 0 to 2, for COVID-19 Expansion).

Population for dose escalation and cancer treatment expansion.

Has histologically confirmed advanced (local regionally recurrent not amenable to curative therapy) or metastatic solid tumors that have no standard therapeutic option with a proven clinical benefit, are intolerant or have refused them, OR
Has relapsed/refractory lymphoma not amenable to therapies with proven clinical benefit or who are intolerant or who refuse them. Participants with low grade lymphomas such as follicular lymphoma, small lymphocytic lymphoma, lymphoplasmacytoid lymphoma, and marginal zone lymphomas, may not need to exhaust all available therapy. These participants can be enrolled after failure of at least 2 prior systemic therapies, provided that there is not an immediate need for cytoreduction. In these cases, participants who need immediate therapy for tumor bulk are not eligible for this trial.
Participants enrolled in cancer treatment expansion cohorts will be required to have measurable disease per RECIST version 1.1 for participants with solid tumors or Response Evaluation Criteria in Lymphoma (RECIL) 2017 for participants with lymphoma.



COVID-19 Expansion:

Has a current histologically confirmed locally advanced or metastatic solid tumor or relapsed/refractory hematologic malignancy.
Has a documented positive result for SARS-CoV-2 RNA in a respiratory specimen by local test that has been analytically validated per local authority guidelines.
Is currently hospitalized (<=3 days prior to enrollment) for treatment of COVID-19.
Has peripheral capillary oxygen saturation (SpO2) >91 percentage (%) on room air at screening.
Has moderately severe disease (NEWS <=6).
Has left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) >=40%; as measured by echocardiogram or multiple gated acquisition (MUGA) scan within the previous 3 months. Note: Required for participants with history of significant cardiovascular disease or history of cardiotoxic therapy.


Adequate bone marrow reserve and renal and hepatic function.
Recovered to Grade 1, baseline or established as sequela, from all toxic effects of previous therapy (except alopecia, neuropathy, or autoimmune endocrinopathies with stable endocrine replacement therapy).
Screening and post-dose tumor biopsies are required from all participants in the expansion cohorts and are optional during dose escalation, however once a DLx is identified at which there is clear evidence of TAK-981 biological effect (that is, observation of peripheral lymphopenia, induction of cytokines/chemokines, type 1 interferon (IFN) signature in blood, drug-related toxicity or antitumor effect), subsequent participants must agree in providing a fresh tumor biopsy during the screening period and a second tumor biopsy as requested in the schedule of events (SOE). The lesion accessible for biopsy may not be the only target lesion and should not be located in a previously irradiated field (unless this index lesion has progressive disease >=20% post radiation). Ideally, the same lesion should be biopsied before treatment and on treatment whenever possible.
Consented to undergo serial skin punch biopsies (dose escalation only).
Suitable venous access for safe drug administration and the study-required PK and pharmacodynamics sampling.

Women of child-bearing potential participating in this study should avoid becoming pregnant, and male participants should avoid impregnating a female partner. Nonsterilized female participants of reproductive age and male participants should use effective methods of contraception through defined periods during and after study treatment as specified below. Female participants must meet 1 of the following:

Postmenopausal for at least 1 year before the screening visit, or
Surgically sterile, or
If they are of childbearing potential, agree to practice 1 highly effective method and 1 additional effective (barrier) method of contraception at the same time, from the time of signing of the informed consent form (ICF) through 90 days after the last dose of study drug (whichever is longer), or
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [example, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods], withdrawal, spermicides only, and lactational amenorrhea are not acceptable methods of contraception. Female and male condoms should not be used together.)



Male participants, even if surgically sterilized (that is, status postvasectomy) must agree to 1 of the following:

Agree to practice effective barrier contraception during the entire study treatment period and through 120 days after the last dose of study drug, or
Agree to practice true abstinence, when this is in line with the preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant. (Periodic abstinence [example, calendar, ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods], withdrawal, spermicides only, and lactational amenorrhea are not acceptable methods of contraception. Female and male condoms should not be used together.)



Exclusion Criteria:


Dose escalation and cancer treatment expansions:

Has received Treatment with systemic anticancer treatments or investigational products within 14 days before the first dose of study drug or 5 half-lives, whichever is shorter. Participants should have recovered from previous treatment toxicity to Grade 1, baseline (except alopecia and peripheral neuropathy), or the toxicity is considered established as a sequela.
Has received extended field radiotherapy <=4 weeks before the start of treatment (<=2 weeks for limited field radiation for palliation), and who has not recovered to grade 1 or better from related side effects of such therapy (except for alopecia).
Require the use of drugs known to prolong corrected QT (QTc) interval



COVID-19 Expansion:

Concurrent treatment with other agents with actual or possible direct acting antiviral activity against SARS-CoV-2 is prohibited <24 hours prior to study drug dosing. Note: Hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine is allowed.
Require mechanical ventilation or admission to intensive care unit (ICU) at screening.
Require the use of drugs known to prolong QTc interval, with the exception of hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine, or drugs that are of continuous use and were introduced at least 1 month before enrollment without evidence of QTc prolongation.


History of any of the following <=6 months before first dose: congestive heart failure New York Heart Association Grade III or IV, unstable angina, myocardial infarction, unstable symptomatic ischemic heart disease, uncontrolled hypertension despite appropriate medical therapy, ongoing symptomatic cardiac arrhythmias of >Grade 2, pulmonary embolism, or symptomatic cerebrovascular events, or any other serious cardiac condition (example, pericardial effusion or restrictive cardiomyopathy). Chronic atrial fibrillation on stable anticoagulant therapy is allowed.
Baseline prolongation of the QTc interval (example, repeated demonstration of QTc interval >480 milliseconds (ms), history of congenital long QT syndrome, or torsades de pointes).
Psychiatric illness/social circumstances that would limit compliance with study requirements and substantially increase the risk of adverse events (AEs) or has compromised ability to provide written informed consent.
Admission or evidence of illicit drug use, drug abuse, or alcohol abuse.
History of autoimmune disease requiring systemic immunosuppressive therapy.
Active infection, except participants with SARS-CoV-2 infection in the COVID-19 Expansion.
Known history of human immunodeficiency virus infection or any other relevant congenital or acquired immunodeficiency.
Known hepatitis B virus (HBV) surface antigen seropositive or detectable hepatitis C infection viral load. Note: Participants who have positive hepatitis B core antibody or hepatitis B surface antigen antibody can be enrolled but must have an undetectable hepatitis B viral load.
Receiving or requiring the continued use of medications that are known to be strong or moderate inhibitors and inducers of CYP3A4/5 and strong permeability glycoprotein (P-gp) inhibitors. To participate in this study, such participants should discontinue use of such agents for at least 2 weeks before receiving a dose of TAK-981.
Lymphomas with leukemic expression.
Female participants who are lactating and breastfeeding or have a positive serum pregnancy test during the screening period or a positive urine pregnancy test on Day 1 before first dose of study drug.
