Inclusion Criteria:
1) Adults (18 to 80 years old):

within 72 hours of their hospitalization for infection with SARS-CoV-2, AND,
within 72 hours of the latest PCR positive result and within 7 days of the 1st PCR positive result for SARS-CoV-2. (The latest PCR could be the only PCR result.), AND,
within 10 days of onset of any COVID-19 symptoms.

Exclusion Criteria:

Subject has a concomitant bacterial respiratory infection unless cleared by the Sponsor
Subject has a history of abnormalities of uric acid metabolism unless cleared by the Sponsor.
Subject has a history of hypersensitivity to an anti-viral nucleoside analog drug targeting a viral RNA polymerase
Subject is using adrenocorticosteroids (except topical or inhaled preparations or oral preparations equivalent to or less than 10 mg of oral prednisone) or immunosuppressive or immunomodulatory drugs (e.g., immunosuppressants, anticancer drugs, interleukins, interleukin antagonists or interleukin receptor blockers). Dexamethasone 6 mg daily (PO or IV) for 10 days is permitted.
Subject has a serious chronic disease (e.g., human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), cancer requiring chemotherapy within the preceding 6 months, moderate or severe hepatic insufficiency and/or unstable renal, cardiac, pulmonary, neurologic, vascular, or endocrinologic disease states requiring medication dose adjustments within the last 30 days).
Has previously received favipiravir within the past 30 days
Has renal insufficiency requiring hemodialysis or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) or glomerular filtration rate of less than 20 mL/min.
Has liver impairment greater than Child-Pugh A.
Has a history of alcohol or drug abuse in the previous 6 months.
Has a psychiatric disease that is not well controlled where controlled is defined as: stable on a regimen for more than one year.
Has taken another investigational drug within the past 30 days.
Is on another antiviral or is participating in another clinical trial for the treatment of COVID-19
Subject is on a ventilator at the time of study entry
Is deemed by the Investigator to be ineligible for any reason.
