Inclusion Criteria:

Male Veterans admitted to a VA hospital.
Age 18 and 85; patients > 85 can be enrolled if there is no history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), asthma, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus or active malignancy.
Hospitalized on an acute care ward due to COVID-19.
Positive RT-PCR assay for SARS-CoV-2 on a nasopharyngeal swab sample.
Severity of illness of level 3, 4 or 5 on the influenza severity scale (see Appendix A) at the time of randomization.
The subject (or legally acceptable representative if applicable) must provide written informed consent for the trial.

Exclusion Criteria:

History of severe hypersensitivity to degarelix or any component of their respective formulation.
Active use of anti-viral therapies directed at SARS-CoV-2, except for remdesivir at the discretion of the treating physician. Antibiotics not directed at SARS-CoV-2 are allowed.
History of congenital long QT syndrome or known history of prolonged QT interval corrected by the Fridericia correction formula (QTcF) > 500 msec on electrocardiogram performed at screening.
Planned discharge within 24 hours of treatment initiation.
Subject is planning to conceive or father children within the projected duration of the study, starting with the screening visit through 120 days after the last dose of study treatment.
Any concurrent use of systemic glucocorticoids within 30 days of Day 1 (day of study drug administration). Except with used in the treatment of COVID-19 eg Dexamethasone.
Use of hydroxychloroquine, chloroquine or azithromycin within 30 days of Day 1.
Baseline electrolyte abnormalities of Grade 3 or higher (based on CTCAE v5.0 criteria). Patients may be included if baseline electrolyte abnormalities are corrected to Grade 2 or lower prior to study drug administration.
Use of any drug known to prolong QT interval within 30 days of Day 1.
Myocardial infarction in the past 6 months, severe or unstable angina, or New York Heart Association (NYHA) Class III or IV heart disease.
Enrollment in another investigational study within 30 days of Day 1.
Known psychiatric or substance abuse disorder that would interfere with the requirements of the trial.
Child-Pugh Class C liver disease.

Use of any of the following hormonal agents within Day 1 of treatment:

Androgen receptor antagonists or agonists within 4 weeks,
Ketoconazole or abiraterone acetate within 2 weeks,
Estrogens or progestins within 2 weeks,
Herbal products that contain hormonally active agents within 2 weeks.


Unwilling or unable to comply with the study protocol.
Any condition, which in the opinion of the investigator, would preclude participation in the trial.
