Inclusion Criteria:

Documentation of confirmed active severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) infection.

Experiencing at least one of the following SARS-CoV-2 infection symptoms within 24 hours of screening (symptom(s) must be new or worse compared to pre-COVID-19 health status:

Fever (can be subjective) or feeling feverish
Cough
Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing at rest or with exertion
Sore throat
Body pain or muscle pain
Fatigue
Headache


Agrees to not participate in another clinical trial for the treatment of COVID-19 or SARS-CoV-2 during the study period up until reaching hospitalization or 20 days, whichever is earliest.
Agrees to not obtain study medications outside of the A5395 study.

Exclusion Criteria:

Need for hospitalization or immediate medical attention in the clinical opinion of the study investigator.
History of or current hospitalization for COVID-19.
History of ventricular arrhythmia or using antiarrhythmics within the past 30 days.
Personal or family history of Long QT syndrome.
History of kidney disease.
History of ischemic or structural heart disease.
History of hypokalemia or hypomagnesemia or taking potassium supplementation or magnesium supplementation
Personal medical history of porphyria, retinopathy, severe hepatic impairment, or glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency.
Use of drugs with possible anti-SARS-CoV-2 activity within 30 days prior to study entry, e.g., remdesivir, lopinavir/ritonavir fixed dose combination, ribavirin, chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine, and azithromycin, or participation in a clinical trial involving any of these drugs whether for treatment or prophylaxis.
Requirement or expected requirement for a medication that significantly prolongs QT intervals or increases risk for QT prolongation.
Loop diuretics are exceptions to above exclusion criterion but these cannot be used within 30 days prior to study entry.
Participating in a study where co-enrollment is not allowed.
Receipt of a SARS-CoV-2 vaccination prior to study entry.
Known allergy/sensitivity or any hypersensitivity to components of HCQ, azithromycin, or their formulation.

More than 10 days of any of the following symptoms attributed to the SARS-CoV-2 infection at study entry:

Fever (can be subjective) or feeling feverish
Cough
Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing at rest or with exertion
Sore throat
Body pain or muscle pain
Fatigue
Headache
Chills
Nasal obstruction or congestion
Loss of taste or smell
Nausea or vomiting
Diarrhea


