Inclusion Criteria:

The patient or legally authorized representative (LAR) must have the ability to understand and the willingness to provide a signed and dated informed consent form.
Age 18 years and over
The patient agrees to use adequate contraception for the duration of the treatment protocol and for 6 months post treatment.
Positive RT- PCR testing for COVID-19 nucleic acid using nasopharyngeal swabbing or any other site
Patient meets ARDS criteria as defined by Berlin criteria, and is on mechanical ventilation a. Berlin criteria for ARDS are: i. bilateral opacities on chest imaging consistent with pulmonary edema ii. A need for positive pressure ventilation via endotracheal or tracheostomy tube iii. PaO2/FiO2 ratio  300mmHg with a minimum of 5 cmH20 PEEP iv. Infiltrates not fully explained by cardiac failure or fluid overload in the physician's best clinical judgement ARDS onset is considered the time that the last of criteria 1-4 is met. Infiltrates considered "consistent with pulmonary edema" include any infiltrate not due to mass, atelectasis, or effusion, or opacities known to be chronic (greater than 1 week old). Vascular redistribution or indistinct vessels or heart border alone do not qualify as opacities.

Exclusion Criteria:


Evidence of multiorgan failure involving one or more organs, excluding the lungs as defined below:

Presence of shock, defined as MAP < 65 mmHg with signs of peripheral hypoperfusion, or continuous infusion of 2 or more vasopressor or inotrope agents to maintain MAP  65 mmHg.
Serum bilirubin > 10 mg/dl
Platelet count < 50,000/ml


Evidence of acquired or congenital immunodeficiency (due to immunosuppressive therapy, HIV, previous treatment for cancer, etc.)
History of metastatic cancer in the past 3 years
History of previous treatments with MSCs or other cell therapies
Patient is co-enrolled in any other IND-sponsored clinical trials for COVID-19
Evidence of pregnancy or lactation
Moribund patient not expected to survive > 24 hours
Unable/unwilling to deliver lung protective ventilation
Patient is receiving Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation (ECMO)
