Inclusion Criteria:

Requires hospitalization for COVID-19 infection.
Has Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus (SARS-CoV)-2 infection confirmed by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test before study entry.
Requires supplemental oxygen for pulmonary distress related to COVID-19 infection, and has been on supplemental oxygen for no more than 5 days, and on breathing room air have oxygen saturation levels of 94% or less..
Has radiographic evidence of pulmonary infiltrates.
Females of childbearing potential (FCBP) must use 1 reliable form of contraception or have complete abstinence from heterosexual intercourse during the following time periods related to this study: while participating in the study; and for at least 1 month after discontinuation of study drug. FCBP must be referred to a qualified provider of contraceptive methods if needed. FCBP must have a negative serum pregnancy test as of screening.
Men must agree to use a latex condom during treatment and for up to 3 months after the last dose of ibrutinib during sexual contact with a FCBP.
Adequate hematologic, hepatic and renal function as described in the protocol.
Must be within 10 days of confirmed diagnosis of COVID-19.

Exclusion Criteria:


Respiratory failure at time of screening as defined per protocol with any of these following therapies:

Endotracheal intubation and mechanical ventilation.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO).
High flow nasal cannula oxygen at flow rates >=30 L/min and fraction of delivered oxygen >= 0.5.
Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation.


Unable to swallow capsules or malabsorption syndrome, disease significantly affecting gastrointestinal function, or resection of the stomach or small bowel, symptomatic inflammatory bowel disease or ulcerative colitis, or partial or complete bowel obstruction.
On a BTK-inhibitor, anti-IL6, anti-IL6R, or Janus kinase inhibitor (JAKi).
Has received rituximab within 180 days from study entry.
Known bleeding disorders.
Major surgery within 4 weeks of study entry.
Participants in whom surgery is anticipated to be necessary within 72 hours.
History of stroke or bleeding around or within brain within 6 months prior to enrollment.
Known history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) or active with hepatitis C virus (HCV) or hepatitis B virus (HBV).
Currently active, clinically significant cardiovascular disease.
Asymptomatic arrythmias and or history of ejection fraction < 40% on an echo.
Participants receiving a strong cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4 inhibitor with the exception of those receiving anti-fungal therapy/prophylaxis.
Chronic liver disease and hepatic impairment meeting Child Pugh class C.
Female participants who are pregnant, or breastfeeding, or planning to become pregnant while enrolled in this study or within 1 month of last dose of study drug. Male participants who plan to father a child while enrolled in this study or within 3 months after the last dose of study drug.
Unwilling or unable to participate in all required study evaluations and procedures.
Vaccinated with a live, attenuated vaccine within 4 weeks.
Uncontrolled high blood pressure.
On therapeutic anticoagulation at baseline.
Participants with cancer.
Co-enrolled in another interventional trial.
