Inclusion Criteria:

Between 1 month and 18 years of age at the time of consent.
Determined to be at high-risk for severe SARS-CoV-2 disease based on the American Academy of Pediatrics definition of immunocompromised children and reported high-risk Pediatric subpopulations. These include the following groups: Immunocompromised, Hemodynamically significant cardiac disease {e.g. congenital heart disease}, Lung disease with chronic respiratory failure, Infant, i.e. child 1 year old.

Confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection OR high-risk exposure as defined:

Confirmed infection: Child who tested positive for COVID-19 and is no more than 96 hours after onset of symptoms (and within 120 hours at the time of receipt of plasma).
High-risk exposure: Susceptible child who was not previously infected or otherwise immune to SARS-CoV-2 and exposed within 96 hours prior to enrollment (and within 120 hours at the time of receipt of plasma). Both criteria below should be met: A household member or daycare center (same room) exposure to a person with [confirmed SARS-CoV-2 OR with clinically compatible disease in regions with widespread ongoing transmission] and a negative for SARS-CoV-2 (nasopharyngeal swab)


Subject is judged by the investigator to have the initiative and means to be compliant with the protocol.
Subjects or their legal representatives must have the ability to read, understand, and provide written informed consent for the initiation of any study related procedures.

Exclusion Criteria:

History of severe reactions (e.g. anaphylaxis) to transfusion of blood products. Subjects with minor reactions such as fever, itching, chills, etc. that resolve spontaneously or respond to pre-medications, and that do not represent more significant allergic reactions will not be excluded.
Inability to complete therapy with the study product within the stipulated time frame outlined above
Female subjects in child-bearing age with a positive pregnancy test, breastfeeding, or planning to become pregnant/breastfeed during the study period.
Subject / caregiver deemed by the study team to be non-compliant with the study protocol
