

INCLUSION CRITERIA:


The protocol is open to people of all ages:
i. Only patients greater than or equal to 2 years of age can be enrolled at the Clinical Center
ii. Patients who are < 2 years old may be enrolled only remotely and will not be seen at the Clinical Center.

Must have (or be suspected of having) a viral infection, that is of interest to LID investigators. Alternatively, must be a close contact of someone who has (or is suspected of having) a viral infection that is of interest to LID investigators.
Adults who are unable to provide initial consent may be enrolled providing procedures per Human Research Protections Program (HRPP) standard operation procedure (SOP) 14E have been followed.



EXCLUSION CRITERIA:

Patients who are unable to safely undergo study procedures and tests.

Patients unwilling to have samples collected and stored for future use.
INCLUSION OF VULNERABLE PARTICIPANTS:
-Children:
Children younger than 2 years of age will be enrolled only remotely from non-NIH medical facilities and will not be seen at the Clinical Center, because children of this age are susceptible to viral infections, some of which are more likely to occur in this very young population or could be more severe. Title 45 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 46 Subpart D and (OHRSPHRPP SOP 14D) will be followed to comply with research involving children. The proposed research poses a risk no greater than that encountered with blood tests or other minimally invasive tests ordered as part of a routine history and physical examination. The PI will ensure that appropriate permission from each child s parent(s) or guardian has been obtained for participation in this study.
-Pregnant Women:
Pregnant women are eligible to participate in this study as they are susceptible to viral infections, some of which may be more severe in this patient population. This study provides an opportunity to learn more about viral infections in pregnant women. This information may be meaningful in informing disease severity, clinical practice for treating pregnant women, or in leading to new treatments for this population. This information cannot be gained without the participation of pregnant women. The primary procedure performed under this protocol is a blood draw but other procedures may be performed and are considered minimal risk in clinical practice. No procedures that would affect a developing fetus or affect a baby through breastfeeding are performed in the protocol.
-Decisionally Impaired Adults:
Adults who are unable to provide initial informed consent are eligible to enroll. Also adults who lose the ability to provide on-going consent subsequent to giving initial consent may continue to participate. These adults are susceptible to viral infections and we can learn about viral infections that may occur in this population. Institutionalized adults will not be enrolled. The procedures utilized are clinically considered to be of minimal risk

