Inclusion Criteria:

Age  1 month and < 18 years at the time of consent.
Determined to be at high-risk for severe SARS-CoV-2 disease based on the American Academy of Pediatrics definition of immunocompromised children and reported high-risk pediatric subpopulations. These include the following groups: immunocompromised, hemodynamically significant cardiac disease (e.g. congenital heart disease), lung disease with chronic respiratory failure, infant, i.e. child 1 year old.

Confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection OR high-risk exposure as defined:

Confirmed infection: Child who tested positive for COVID-19 and is no more than 96 hours after onset of symptoms (and within 120 hours at the time of receipt of study plasma).

High-risk exposure: Susceptible child who was not previously infected or otherwise immune to SARS-CoV-2 and exposed within 96 hours prior to enrollment (and within 120 hours at the time of receipt of study plasma). Both criteria below should be met:

A household member or daycare center (same room) exposure to a person with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 OR with clinically compatible disease in areas with widespread ongoing transmission
Negative for SARS-CoV-2 (nasopharyngeal or oropharyngeal swab)




For females of reproductive potential (defined as having experienced menarche), not pregnant based on testing performed at screening.
Parent or legal guardian able and willing to provide signed parent permission.

Exclusion Criteria:

History of severe reactions (e.g. anaphylaxis) to transfusion of blood products. Individuals with minor reactions such as fever, itching, chills, etc. that resolve spontaneously or respond to pre-medications, and that do not represent more significant allergic reactions, will not be excluded.
For females, breastfeeding, or planning to become pregnant/breastfeed during the study period.
Participant is unlikely to adhere to the study procedures, keep appointments, or is planning to relocate outside the greater Los Angeles area during the study.
Any condition that would, in the opinion of the principal investigator, place the participant at an unacceptable risk of injury or render the participant unable to meet the requirements of the protocol.
