Inclusion Criteria:


A diagnosis of advanced COVID-19 as defined both of the following:

as a positive test for SARS-CoV-2 RNA detected by RT-PCR collected from the upper respiratory tract (e.g. nasopharyngeal, nasal, oropharyngeal swab, or saliva) and, if possible, the lower respiratory tract (sputum, tracheal aspirate, or bronchoalveolar lavage), analyzed by a CLIA certified lab with an FDA approved assay.

Critical disease manifested by any of the following:

Chest imaging with  50% lung involvement
Respiratory failure requiring invasive mechanical ventilation, non-invasive mechanical ventilation (eg. BiPAPA, OptiFlow), supplementary oxygen with FiO2  6 LPM or extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO)
Shock - defined as mean arterial pressure  65 mmHg unresponsive to 25ml/kg isotonic intravenous fluid resuscitation and/or requiring vasopressor support

Cardiac dysfunction defined by:

New global systolic dysfunction with ejection fraction  40%
Takotsubo cardiomyopathy






Patients who have received prior investigational or off-label agents for COVID-19 does not exclude eligibility.
At least 18 years of age at the time of study registration
Adequate hematologic function defined as absolute neutrophil count 1000/mm3 and platelet count  50,000/mm3 without growth factor or transfusion support for 7 days prior to screening.
Creatinine-clearance  15 mL/minute or receiving renal replacement therapy
Aminotransferase (AST/ALT) levels <3x the upper limit of normal
Able to understand and willing to sign an IRB approved written informed consent document (or that of legally authorized representative, if applicable)
Women of childbearing potential (defined as women with regular menses, women with amenorrhea, women with irregular cycles, women using a contraceptive method that precludes withdrawal bleeding, or women who have had a tubal ligation) are required to have a negative pregnancy test and use two forms of acceptable contraception, including one barrier method, during participation in the study treatment period.
Male patients if engaging in sex with a women of childbearing potential are required to use two forms of acceptable contraception, including one barrier method, during participation in the study and throughout the evaluation period.

Exclusion Criteria:

Known allergy or intolerance to duvelisib or another PI3K inhibitor.
Known or suspected active viral (including CMV, HIV, hepatitis B, and hepatitis C), bacterial, mycobacterial, or fungal infection other than COVID-19. CMV viral load will be assessed at screening and those with viremia will be excluded. Other virologic testing not required unless infection is suspected.
Pregnant and/or breastfeeding.
Any uncontrolled intercurrent illness that would put the patient at greater risk or limit compliance with study requirements in the opinion of the investigator.
