Inclusion Criteria:

Patients with a confirmed diagnosis of: 
1. Stage 4 colon cancer either s/p metastasectomy or post-initial chemotherapy or maintenance "standard of care", either involving 5-fluorouracil/leucovorin (5-FU/LV) alone or continual bevacizumab alone. Patients in maintenance cohort must have had 2 consecutive CT scans showing stable disease and not be experiencing significant prior treatment-related toxicity above Grade 1. 
2. Pancreas cancer, either s/p resection and adjuvant chemotherapy or locally advanced pancreas cancer s/p chemotherapy and radiation. Initial chemotherapy or radiation therapy may have been stopped between 2 weeks and 2 months prior to study start, and patients must have recovered from prior treatment related toxicity to grade 1 or less. 
Prior surgery, including tumor resection or metastasectomy must have been performed at least 4 weeks prior to study enrollment. 
No concomitant anti-cancer treatment is allowed 
Age >/= 18 years 
Performance status of 0-1 
Adequate hepatic, bone marrow, and renal function 
Partial thromboplastin time (PTT) must be </= 1.5 x upper normal limit of institution's normal range and INR (International Normalized Ratio) < 1.5. 
Life expectancy >/= 4 months for maintenance cohorts and >/= 6 months for adjuvant cohorts 
Women of childbearing potential must have a negative serum pregnancy test within 14 days prior to initiation of treatment and must not be lactating. 
Subject is capable of understanding and complying with protocol demands and able to sign and date the informed consent 


Exclusion Criteria:

Women of child-bearing potential, who are biologically able to conceive, not employing two forms of highly effective contraception or who are pregnant. 
Women who are breast-feeding 
Fertile males unwilling to use contraception 
Patients with brain metastases or any history of brain metastases 
Patients who have undergone major surgery (e.g., intra-thoracic, -abdominal, or -pelvic) </= 4 weeks prior to starting study treatment or who have not recovered from such therapy 
Patients with a history of pulmonary embolism, or untreated deep vein thrombosis within the past 6 months 
Impairment of gastrointestinal (GI) function or GI disease that may significantly alter the absorption of dovitinib 
The subject has had another active malignancy within the past 5 years except for cervical cancer in situ, in situ carcinoma of the bladder or non-melanoma carcinoma of the skin. 
Patients who have received the last administration of an anticancer therapy including chemotherapy, immunotherapy, hormonal therapy and monoclonal antibodies </= 2 weeks prior to starting the study drug, or who have not recovered from the side effects of such therapy 
Cirrhosis, chronic active hepatitis or chronic persistent hepatitis 
Patients who are currently receiving prasugrel 
No concurrent use of isoniazid, labetolol, trovafloxacin, tolcapone, and felbamate 
No concurrent use of other investigational drugs or antineoplastic therapies. 
Patients with impaired cardiac function or clinically significant cardiac diseases.       
    

